JavaScript;JavaScript is a programming language that allows you to implement complex items in web pages — whenever a web page does more than just show you static information — by showing you content that updates over time, interactive maps, or graphs. 2D/3D animated, etc. — you can bet that JavaScript is probably involved. It's the third layer of the cake of standard web technologies, two of which (HTML and CSS) we talk about in much more detail elsewhere in the Learning Area.
Python;Python is a computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and conduct data analysis. Python is a general purpose language, meaning it can be used to create a variety of different programs and isn’t specialized for any specific problems. This versatility, along with its beginner-friendliness, has made it one of the most-used programming languages today. A survey conducted by industry analyst firm RedMonk found that it was the most popular programming language among developers in 2020. Python is commonly used for developing websites and software, task automation, data analysis, and data visualization. Since it’s relatively easy to learn, Python has been adopted by many non-programmers such as accountants and scientists, for a variety of everyday tasks, like organizing finances.
C++;C++ (in Portuguese: it reads "cé mais mais", in English it reads see plus plus) is a general-purpose, multi-paradigm compiled programming language (its support includes imperative, object-oriented and generic language). It has been one of the most popular commercial languages ​​since the 1990s, and is also widely used in academia due to its great performance and user base. Bjarne Stroustrup developed C++ (originally under the name C with Classes,[4] which means C with classes in Portuguese) in 1983 at Bell Labs as an addition to the C language. New features were added over time[5], such as functions virtual machines, operator overloading, multiple inheritance, templates, and exception handling. Following ISO standardization in 1998 and further revision in 2003, a new version of the language specification was released in December 2014, informally known as C++17.
HTML;HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) is the code that is used to structure a web page and its content. For example, content could be structured within a set of paragraphs, a list of bulleted points, or using images and data tables. As the title suggests, this article will give you a basic understanding of HTML and its functions. HTML is a markup language that defines the structure of your content. HTML consists of a series of elements, which you use to enclose, or wrap, different parts of the content to make it appear a certain way, or act a certain way. The enclosing tags can make a word or image hyperlink to somewhere else, can italicize words, can make the font bigger or smaller, and so on. 
CSS;Cascading Style Sheets, fondly referred to as CSS, is a simple design language intended to simplify the process of making web pages presentable.CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page. Using CSS, you can control the color of the text, the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized and laid out, what background images or colors are used, layout designs,variations in display for different devices and screen sizes as well as a variety of other effects.CSS is easy to learn and understand but it provides powerful control over the presentation of an HTML document. Most commonly, CSS is combined with the markup languages HTML or XHTML.
Go;Go is a programming language created by Google and released in open source in November 2009. It is a compiled language focused on productivity and concurrent programming,[6] based on work done on the operating system called Inferno.[7] Initial language design was done in September 2007 by Robert Griesemer, Rob Pike, and Ken Thompson.[6] Currently, there are implementations for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X and FreeBSD.
